avoid this mistake on your website
so your website can literally be your
very best or your very worst sales rep
let me tell you a quick story so a
couple years back
a sales rep reached out to me i think it
was on linkedin they had an offer that
sounded fairly interesting and
intriguing so i agreed to take a demo up
with them
got on the cool
and they just wanted to go on and on and
on about how great this company was how
many years they've been in business how
many awards they've won
how great the product was how many
features it had
and this went on for about 15 minutes
and they didn't even ask me one question
about
what we do
services we offer how we help businesses
they just wanted to go full steam ahead
on how great that company was got to
about a quarter of an hour in i just
said look i'm sorry i'm gonna have to
cut it short you haven't asked me any
questions to see if there's a fit
between our businesses wish you all the
best
but that was that
and your website can be this do the same
thing it can be selfish it can be
self-serving just like this sales rep
was a few years ago and all that's going
to do is annoy prospects annoy potential
customers and turn them completely off
and away from your offering because
let's be honest most of us are humans
are pretty self-serving pretty selfish
uh dare i say it we want to know what's
in it for us and how you can help us so
especially with your website
especially on your home page key pages
just cite your headlines you want to
leverage things like the common problems
that ideal clients come to you to fix
how you can help or make that business
better or
things that you hate about your industry
and why you're different you actually
want to show the value that you bring to
the table i.e the juicy problems that
you can fix or how you're going to make
their life better
then
just like any great sales rep you want
to be able to attract
build trust with
qualify
educate and convert
prospects and your website can do the
exact same thing to get a steady flow of
inbound sales leads so making sure your
design is crafted for ideal clients
in terms of interviewing your best
current customers understanding what
they actually care about and want to see
building trust so leveraging things like
customer stories how you've helped
similar clients case studies
reviews
testimonials all that good stuff
qualifying through things like sharing
pricing or your rates or your starting
options in terms of project rates if
you're quite bespoke
sharing case studies sharing who you can
and can't help
educating through resources things like
podcasts blog articles
video resources guides answering all the
questions that prospects often come to
you with and handling the common
objections that your sales team get
and then
making it as easy as possible for people
to speak to sales so for them to take
the next step for them to convert
whether it's
book a call on the calendar whether
that's fill out a simple inquiry form
whether that is call you direct to click
to call on mobile or just phone your
number clicking to email or possibly
live chat make it as easy as possible
for prospects to speak to sales and take
the next step so avoid your website
being self-serving focus on your ideal
clients and helping them or making their
lives or businesses better or fix a
juicy problem that they care about and
enjoy more business from your website